Is it possible that my father really has rights?
Certainly.
How many times Mavo do you have?
It's good to be 10% sure
Who told you 10%?
I'm talking about a week.
The old man will recover
Dr. Ye is serious
Do I look like I'm joking?
Career should be well thanked to Ye Shen
Of course.
Doctor Zhang, what's the matter?
You so many experts
Didn't you say my uncle has cancer?
Even if Hua Tuo comes, he can't be cured
How can a brat be cured now?
I don't know.
This is really weird
Yeah, I agree.
I can't even think about this for so many years
Unless he is not human
Don't give me shit here
My finger
Almost broke them.
I wanted to teach him a good lesson
There we go.
He's a miracle doctor
No way.
I can't swallow this breath
Kill you